(ROCK MUSIC)
♪ MY NAME IS MUD ♪
♪ NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH
BILLY, JACK, PETE OR DENNIS ♪
♪ MY NAME IS MUD,
IT'S ALWAYS BEEN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I'M THE MOST BORING
SONS A BITCH YOU'VE EVER SEEN ♪
♪ I DRESS IN BLUE,
YES, NAVY BLUE ♪
♪ FROM HEAD TO TOE I'M RATHER
DRAB EXCEPT MY PATENT SHOES ♪
♪ I MAKE 'EM SHINE,
WELL MOST THE TIME ♪
♪ 'CEPT TODAY MY FEET
WERE TRODDEN ON BY
THIS FRIEND OF MINE ♪
♪ SIX FOOT TWO
AND RUDE AS HELL ♪
♪ I GOT TO GET HIM IN THE GROUND
BEFORE HE STARTS TO SMELL ♪
♪ MY NAME IS MUD ♪
♪ BUT CALL ME ALOYSIUS
DEVADANDER ABERCROMBIE ♪
♪ THAT'S LONG FOR MUD,
SO I'VE BEEN TOLD ♪
♪ TOLD THAT BY THIS SONS A
BITCH THAT LIES BEFORE ME ♪
♪ BLOATED, BLUE AND COLD ♪
♪ I'VE GOT MY PRIDE,
I DRINK MY WINE ♪
♪ I'D DRINK ONLY THE FINEST ♪
♪ 'CEPT I HAVEN'T EARNED
A DIME IN SEVERAL MONTHS ♪
♪ OR WERE IT YEARS? ♪
♪ THE BREATH ON THAT FAT BASTARD
COULD BRING ANY MAN TO TEARS ♪
♪ WE HAD OUR WORDS,
A COMMON SPAT ♪
♪ SO I KISSED HIM
UPSIDE THE CRANIUM ♪
♪ WITH AN ALUMINUM
BASEBALL BAT ♪
♪ MY NAME IS MUD ♪
♪ M-M-M-M-M-MUD ♪
♪♪♪
- [MAN] WHERE ARE
YOU GOING, CITY BOY?
♪♪♪